good guys welcome new video
here we are back in crack as
be well we all find here today a
new mini game and look here and elegant
has been put and my father noel when more
what elegant I would say is a little
novel of the future seems to like the one of
century 50,000 but good I think that that
handsome is already very handsome and this is
this clothes we could call her by
call it good that we're here a
new so-called games is called turbo
card race but I would call him mario
mario mario craft instead of mario kart
mario craft the easy joke bando da
the same is the case is that because we are
in game time racing in
minecraft with cars and jacki weaver and
car really to make minecraft those
cars so beautiful the truth that a
kind of tank this is a space
spacecraft really but good the
case is how you start to play this
I think it's over here and departures to see
effectively
I do not know how
and here I think that I do not put it against
or just practice like dude dick
here
I'm thankful, I do not understand, I understand
I understand, it is worth putting my ship back
big and how the studio shoots
I do not know how to shoot things I do not know how
shoot things
today in what position I'm going fourth
fourth and fourth in as well going we 're going
come on let's go let's not for the party
here
with bananas
Egg Roll
not because it was not shit was not done
over here domestic was not around here
come on let's go fifth boy we're fifth
he did not ask for any very smart box
we live here I can with the banana
as a representation of dial but
also and something
but because I do not take the pictures
mysterious but now it's my turn
and this you put me first
Paris
lowercase let's have incidents
let's see first
and I do not know how much is really worth
lack we go 40 percent worth what 's
down
as you know because if I stopped
where are we going
what we want
and it is already
let guys inside that room go
It's not bad and we need nothing is already
Completed
justly
because it's my turn
but it is false
why
we are a little bit we are going that also
You can customize the cars in this
game mode and clear and people to take to
the eight people of run more than me
because they are basically
voucher voucher
Please do not know why but when they are
will have some strength feature
or something similar
a sword
my mother first race inside the
podium guys inside the podium will
ends
we appear here in the stands as the
good god as well as leave it here you want
upload it just seemed to me and since
later we will bring you more games
of this style and simple theater is a
introduction by like us
goodbye